Part 1 Political struggle Chapters :

 Chapter I :[[Whispers of Control]]  1406-1408 — After year of building back up the Jeong Dynasty and thriving in the process it begins to struggle to manage its rapid expansion of gaining the new province of the former heavenly root sect and the merger of the 5 clans to the Jeong Dynasty and the challenges that come with it. years
**Chapter I: Whispers of Control (1406-1408)** - New MC age 17-19, King Yongjeong age 38-40, exploration and setup chapter for Part 2

 
Chapter II :[[Shadows of Suspicion]] —As the times become more difficult the Royal court strains and struggles to control all of its lands and Court officials grow paranoid, spying and scheming as mistrust between factions deepens. years 1415-1417
**Chapter II: Shadows of Suspicion (1415-1417)** - MC age 26-28, King Yongjeong age 47-49, court paranoia and factionalism

Chapter III :[[Veil of Paranoia]] — Fear over the unchecked power of the sects who are still recovering from the demon war grows, fueled by corrupt officials spreading rumors to manipulate the court to gain its favor and control. years 1417-1420
**Chapter III: Veil of Paranoia (1417-1420)** - MC age 28-31, King Yongjeong age 49-52, sects blamed for Jeong Dynasty's problems


Chapter IV :[[Webs of Influence]] — The Jeong Dynasty resorts to risky deals, illegal trades, slavery, and harsh agreements to maintain power and contain the sects, this being done by the corrupt officials and also the emperor approving it who is now becoming influenced by them. years 1420-1423
**Chapter IV: Webs of Influence (1420-1423)** - MC age 31-34, King Yongjeong age 52-55, Jeong Dynasty turns to corruption and increased slavery


Chapter V :[[Mandate of Heaven]] — The divide between the Jeong Dynasty and sects escalates into open separation. Martial arts are banned within the Jeong Dynasty, and martial artists are forbidden from entering, severing centuries-old ties and igniting tensions. years 1423-1426
**Chapter V: Mandate of Heaven (1423-1426)** - MC age 34-37, King Hyeon-sik age 32-35, martial arts banned, sects expelled


Chapter VI :[[Echoes of Ruin]] — Crime and chaos engulf the Jeong Dynasty’s streets as the people suffer as the Jeong Dynasty now having lost control of their lands; unrest and disorder also spread within the sects, threatening their stability. years 1426-1429
**Chapter VI: Echoes of Ruin (1426-1429)** - MC age 37-40, King Hyeon-sik age 35-38, crime and chaos spread, sects fragment


Chapter VII :[[Bonds Forged in Iron]] — After years of turmoil, the sects unite in a solid alliance to protect their power and people with a alliance of the Orthodox sects and promising to help each other.With the Jeong Dynasty still clinging to some control they have left. years 1429 - 1431
**Chapter VII: Bonds Forged in Iron (1429-1431)** - MC age 40-42 (if aged), King Hyeon-sik age 38-40, sects unite in solid alliance.