Now after the year 17 tutorial, the MC gets a random visit from their family member that the MC will travel along with the clan envoy and their leader to the yearly Royal Council. The quest first shows how that specific clan prepares for the travel and for the council meeting, then the journey to the Royal city with there being simple things of sightseeing with MC parent talking about where they are. Then it shows the entry to the Royal city with there being a parade for welcoming the clans on the main street, there being stands of food, performers and music. After that it shows the entry into the forbidden city with there being guards, a major amount of guards, and a loud and warm welcome by bowing and soldiers shouting the leader of the specific clan's name out loud: "We Welcome The Baek Clan And Its Leader Baek Cheol-su!!!"

After the warm welcome from them and the Royal minister of rites Yang Cheong, who then directs where they should sit, the leader having a separate table and the clan members going to the big long tables to start drinking and waiting until all the clans gather in the forbidden city. There are long tables and an arena in the middle creating the square look as the tables are on each side of the arena which is just a raised platform. Also, leaders are in another part which is a higher part of the forbidden city and it's closer to the Royal hall, but most of it being empty as the MC clan being first to arrive.

While waiting for the other clans, MC begs his parent to go explore the outside festival, which with some convincing the parent allows MC to go sightseeing and explore the festival with there being interactions in the festival. After some time an Royal escort comes to bring MC back to the forbidden city with now all clans gathered with all tables now full and there being food and drinks around with leaders and their children being in a separate part having a calm and quiet conversation. As MC approaches, their parent introduces them to the other clan leaders and their children around the table talking and others laughing and drinking.

Then after the drinking is done, the emperor calls the clan leaders and children inside to have the meeting which is in a separate room from the main hall. There are also some elders of the Royal council there and the MC witnesses the meeting and how it goes. It all goes smoothly and in the end the clan leaders leave happy and satisfied. Then it shows the clan entertainment exhibition matches where each clan chooses top 2 fighters who fight the other clans until there is one remaining. It's a way to show which clan has major power and control, but also between those clans who are friends, it's a fun spar match. After that is done, clans begin to gather and celebrate until nightfall when the MC is sent to a suite in the guesthouse in the forbidden city where the cutscene ends.

[[Baek Clan Ch.2 Blooming Court]]