After 19 Tutorial freeroom first with there being subquests that are now about each clan's problems and weird unexplained things which are all getting a little too much. After MC completes the last one of these, the quest of the yearly meeting is again called. Now it skips to the part where the MC and clan enter the forbidden city with there being other clans there who arrived before them, but unlike last time now the atmosphere is dark and serious - no party, no laughing and drinking, but the clan heads staying in front of the Royal hall waiting to get the meeting and arguing with each other as none are willing to help each other without something in return. This continued for a long time until the Royal meeting started.

In the meeting, the clan heads first turn to the Jeong Dynasty begging it to tell the sects and call them to help uncover who is behind these brutal things while blaming other clan heads for not helping each other. But when the emperor and the Royal council ignore these things and say they are just coincidences, and even if they are not, the clans should be able to clean their own messes and that the Jeong Dynasty isn't a servant of the clans. In the end, emperor deciding not to involve the sects.

After that, the clan heads start getting aggressive with yelling and blaming the emperor who shuts them up by yelling "WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE TO YELL AT ME!" Which makes the atmosphere serious with each clan head eyeing the emperor almost like threatening him, but the emperor doesn't back down and calls for the Minister of Justice [[Mun Tae-min (문태민) - Plum Blossom Sword Saint]] who makes the matter quite clear and who the clan heads can't oppose, making the end of this council end on a bitter note.

Once the clan heads exit the Royal hall, they start turning on each other again for not holding their ground and holding back information until it all erupts as the clan head of Baek challenges the clan head of Yu to a duel in the arena where the annual exhibition matches would happen. In surprise of everyone, the Yu clan head accepts, so starts the brutal duel of 2 great masters and their clans cheering their clan head as tensions are high. Just as the last attack happens, in the middle of it the Royal Secretary [[Roh Cheon-pa (노천패) - Thunder Tyrant of the Heavens]] interrupts by stopping the blades of each clan member with his own bare hands and emitting a slight qi pressure warning the clan heads not to destroy the inner court of the forbidden city as it would cost major consequences to fix it, which makes the clan heads stop but not without complaining.

After the situation calms down, the clans leave one after another, all accompanied by Royal guards as to not start a fight in the Royal city. Once the clans leave the Royal city, they all go their own way, making this yearly council meeting one of the worst ever.

[[Baek Clan Ch.3 Rituals of the Forsaken]]